Adding automatic release process (#21)
theforeman/smart_proxy_discovery: RELEASE.md

# Releasing the plugin

To release the plugin the following steps are required:
1. Checkout the branch you want to make the release from
2. Determine what the next version should be
   - We try to follow [semantic versioning (semver)](https://semver.org)
   - Usually we increase the major version only if we bumped the dependency on Foreman
   - For the rest we follow semver

> 3. Bump the version in the version file - `lib/foreman_plugin_template/version.rb`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Bump the version in the version file - `lib/smart_proxy_discovery/version`
```

4. Make a commit "Bump version to $version"
5. Place a version tag on the commit with `git tag v$version`
   - Ideally the tag should be signed.
6. Push the commit and the tag to the upstream repository with `git push --follow-tags`

> When the tag is pushed to git, [the release workflow](.github/workflows/release.yml) should get triggered and should build the gem and push it to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org/gems/foreman_plugin_template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the tag is pushed to git, [the release workflow](.github/workflows/release.yml) should get triggered and should build the gem and push it to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org/gems/smart_proxy_discovery).
```

Once the new version lands in rubygems, consider filing a packaging PR on [foreman-packaging](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-packaging) or triggering it via automation with:
```shell
gh workflow run bump_packages.yml \
  --repo theforeman/foreman-packaging \

>   --raw-field package=foreman_plugin_template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --raw-field package=smart_proxy_discovery
```

```

### Note on permissions

> The steps outlined above require write access to the repository. This is generally controlled by membership in the [@foreman_plugin_template](https://github.com/orgs/theforeman/teams/foreman_plugin_template) team. If needed, steps 1-4 can be done even without permissions. In that case, skip step 5, push the changes to your own fork and send us a pull request, asking for a maintainer to perform step 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps outlined above require write access to the repository. This is generally controlled by membership in the [@smart_proxy_discovery](https://github.com/orgs/theforeman/teams/smart_proxy_discovery) team. If needed, steps 1-4 can be done even without permissions. In that case, skip step 5, push the changes to your own fork and send us a pull request, asking for a maintainer to perform step 5.
```

Reviewer: There is no team for this plugin, maybe we can remove this line.

Author: What about setting it to the discovery team?
